your next battle for one fall it is a
triple break first he's from greater
detroit he wakes 205 pounds here is
amazing all right we are back with a
three way dance triple threat match here
our first competitor is amazing Nate
matson and Jim I'll tell you the three
men in this match are among the three
best ever come out of this area and our
in wrestling today oh I'm clearly free
shining light of action-packed wrestling
got and now we know this is the first of
two three way dances tonight in the
early progress he waits alex shelley
before Mike McMahon rudely interrupted
me I was saying early prognosticators
down were calling for this to be the
match of the night tonight here at
adrenaline in action pack wrestling with
the size of our main event now that's
going to be a tough call to make but
clearly this is going to be a tremendous
match and I've Johnny right now that
handsome young man alex shelley is going
to be the winner of this contest that's
right alex shelley perhaps the best
technical wrestler that you ever going
to see in that rig hehe knows hold for
hold studies
of different styles and has adapted him
into his own style God commendeth
tremendous competitor as you mentioned
he knows everything you can do it he's
from michigan he weighed 200 pounds
chris chris sabin the third of these
three guys right here and i'll tell you
fans this is going to be action-packed
right here these three guys define
action-packed they faced each other in
different combinations over the years
and the matches have always been just
incredible
may not be
informed as i am glad mattered well
informed as you are
when chris sabin was breaking into this
business his personal trainer was no
less than the amazing named madison and
alex shelley as he started to make his
way in the business and starting to make
a name for himself train which chris
sabin so we really have three
generations of student-teacher here and
it guarantees that everyone in this ring
is familiar with everybody else they
know the moves they know what to expect
it's going to be up to whoever can pull
out the most innovative surprise to walk
away with victory tonight and all these
all these guys they have worldwide
experience alex shelley most recently
has become a huge hit in japan for the
01 max promotion and chris sabin you see
him and you also see alex shelley and
nate Matson everywhere you look in the
wrestling business and there's a reason
for that oh look at that alex shelley
i'm the offensive early with some hard
kicks to break up that short cholera
bataya call her elbow tie-up between
Nate Matson and Chris Sale you've been
taking Mike McMahon speech blessings are
done this we guys sizing each other they
know each other so well they've been
calling through three way Justin
strength and he may win it I believe he
is the strongest of the three look at
this now ganging up a little bit on
Shelly and Matson leaping over arm drag
takedown by Matson Oh Micheline greets
him with a boot spin wheel kick oh but
look at this a hammerlock now by saving
Shelly up and drags him down with a
snapmare
now so Oh on a stiff kick right there by
Chris San rear waistlock Shelly reverses
it up and over go saving Oh saving now
catches on both hurting already in this
match this is a clothesline up and down
with a Manhattan drop oh good save but
now mocking alex shelley oh and a
dropkick right to that need vicious look
at this now tying him up they match him
very smart on the outside here oh look
at that oh he was going it looked like
he was going to go for a surf board hold
shall I drop toehold there on Matson and
they're surfing right there well women
have nice block by Saban goes up walks
the ropes look at this hurricanrana on
Matson wrist lock takedown on Shelly and
great presence by saving you talk about
radar in that ring they've been going
for the early pin but not hitting it Oh
jawbreaker there by the veteran neat
Matt's way tell you referees have to be
athletic Brian Gauri's got to be as
athletic as possible in this match to
keep up if these three guys european
uppercut there by nate manse
drop down up and a flying back elbow by
Madson takes a van down boom you talk
about action-packed john mark this is
one of those magic brian flatt I am an
expert color commentator and you are the
play-by-play voice because there's way
too much voice involved as covering all
this play-by-play action I'll take a
reverse chop right there by matse and he
is like now choking saving in the corner
alex shelley trying to get a breather oh
look at the heaven Shelley was waiting
on the ring apron oh and Down Goes
Matson Shelley inside the ring now
Matson to the outside Savin perhaps the
precious of the three on ahead but there
by saber
savin now Oh trying to shoot him Oh nan
I poke right there by alex shelley oh
what's this Oh a Flatliner into the
turnbuckle oh oh huge kick right to the
gut boom they're down all the way
downtown Detroit dad Alex Ellie set them
up for something here drop kick right to
the rear and it compresses the neck we
talked about innovation alex shelley the
modern innovator and independent
wrestling professional wrestling these
days look at this do only a two-count
there Chris Sabin has incredible legs
straight
sets him up for a suplex drops him down
Chris suplex there goes for the cover
it's only a one and a half maybe two
count Alex Kelly has just been non-stop
on the offensive in this match dad Nate
Matson stalking on the outside look at
this now not really kicking him as more
just shoving him down toward the mat
with food and a huge